:book: Add detailed instructions for Weather Agent demo (#78)
kagenti/kagenti: README.md

## Components

> To achieve the objectives outlined above, we are developing this technology through a series of demos—each targeting specific aspects of our goals. Our aim is to refine these demos into an initial **Minimum Viable Product (MVP)** architecture.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To achieve the objectives outlined above, we are developing this technology through a series of demos, each targeting specific aspects of our goals. Our aim is to refine these demos into an initial **Minimum Viable Product (MVP)** architecture.
```

These demos are built on the following core technologies:

- Cloud-native infrastructure including [Kubernetes Gateway API](https://gateway-api.sigs.k8s.io), [Istio Ambient Mesh](https://istio.io/latest/docs/ambient/), and [Kiali](https://kiali.io).
- [Kagenti Operator](https://github.com/kagenti/kagenti-operator/blob/main/beeai/INSTALL.md): an operator for building agents and tools from source, managing their lifecycle, and coordinating platform components.
- Tool-side communication via [Model Context Protocol (MCP)](https://modelcontextprotocol.io)
- Agent-side communication via [A2A](https://google.github.io/A2A) and [Agent Communication Protocol (ACP)](https://agentcommunicationprotocol.dev/introduction/welcome)

> - [Llama Stack](https://llama-stack.readthedocs.io): a flexible application stack designed for LLM-driven agents and applications.

Reviewer 2: should we get rid of llama stack if our supported demo excludes llama stack

---

> ### Supported Demos
> 
> We provide several demonstrations of the Agentic Platform operating in a cloud-native environment.  
> These showcase how agents, tools, and protocols interoperate to fulfill end-to-end application flows.
> 
> Currently supported demos:
> 
> - [Cloud-Native Agent Platform with A2A and ACP Multi-Framework Agents](./docs/cn-demos.md)

Reviewer 2: Everything will come from the kagenti install. We only have one main demo
```suggestion
### Try our demo
We provide a quick way to deploy various relevant open source technologies to set up an agentic platform on your local cluster. This demonstrates how agents, tools, and protocols interoperate to fulfill end-to-end application flows in cloud-native environments. 

See the [documentation](./docs/cn-demos.md) here for deploying a Cloud-Native Agent Platform with A2A and ACP Multi-Framework Agents. 
```
